hi this is miss Jackson and these are my
NFL picks for week one of the 2008
football season I'm in a hurry so this
is going to be short and sweet we start
off with the Indianapolis Colts will be
hosting the new orleans saints and i'm
taking the superbowl chance in this game
the Colts are going to win Billy is
going to be at Green Bay and I think
first game of the season at lambeau
field with brett favre the Packers are
going to win carolina at st. Louis I
think that the Rams are going to win
Atlanta at Minnesota oh poor Atlanta
without Ron Mexico entering the
Thunderdome with the Minnesota Vikings I
think the Vikings are going to be too
tough for them I am picky the vikings to
win New England Patriots are going to be
at the new york jets and patriots are
going to be too tough on picking the
pats in this game miami at the
washington redskins the skins are going
to win dolphins have no chance tennessee
titans at the jacksonville jaguars i
think that the titans are going to beat
the jaguars unpick in Tennessee Casey is
going to be at the Houston Texans i'm
picking Houston
this game Denver is going to be at the
buffalo bills I think that the Broncos
are going to win chicago bears are going
to be at the san diego chargers and I
think the Chargers are going to be out
to redeem themselves for last year I am
picking san diego tampa bay is going to
be at seattle and at home the seahawks
are going to be way too tough i am
picking the seahawks detroit vs oakland
the battle of the yucky teams I think
oakland at home is going to beat Detroit
are you picking the Raiders new york
giants vs the dallas cowboys at home
Dallas is going to win baltimore vs
cincinnati defense vs offense i am
picking offense in this game the bangles
are going to win and lastly Arizona at
San Francisco I think that the Cardinals
are going to win that's all for this
week I'll see you next time bye